folks it's Tony here and this is the
Samson TV one a few years ago so you can
appreciate its out warranty now so what
we have here is that you can see at the
moment it automatically changes channel
over here it comes back to this Rhodes
in my hand doing nothing they're going
to start changing channel going reason
being to do this control panel over here
which actually sits just behind in the
unit this and very tiny buttons on there
that controlled it going up and down now
if I'm to put a piece of card over the
button that's causing problem you can
see the channel over there still keeps
on going then that's totally blocked out
at the moment so I found that by putting
a finger on it there we go you can see a
freeze of the channel when I take it off
it starts today put my finger on it
and it stops on the channel have a
finger off it starts again so try a few
things I've not tried the remote because
that's a nice dark color put that over
there it's doing a different thing on
the cycle at the moment so we'll see
where does next anticipating is going to
start changing channel going any second
there go back to a channel and another
channel in low channel sound and so
forth so this is a piece of ham as you
can see now I'm going to place the piece
of hand over the sensor now where it's
quite handy is should that be handy
sorry what is going on D you can see it
dropped off started flicking over so
once more over the top see the sensor is
stopped now I'm going to get a piece of
tape
piece of tape on the ham is to secure it
on there for the moment in position
there we go
always lift it off sir about there and I
just turned itself off I'll take it back
on lay off and hopefully the piece of
ham
brings us back with a working TV picture
now I'm not saying that's a technical
fix by any money means or way as you can
see using a piece of card didn't work
but piece of hand did in much the same
way that my finger did so therefore I
would like to suggest Sansom that they
actually supply all their Telly's with
packet of ham and should there be a need
to actually pick one of them
thank you very much for my video on how
to picture Sampson less materi